docs: Bypass `Permission denied` error on Windows when cloning the dagger repo (#2387)
dagger/dagger: docs/getting-started/1200-local-dev.md

By default, git on Windows does not automatically convert posix symbolic links, which explains the extra option `core.symlinks=true` while cloning the repository.

But you can also enable this once and for all in your git configuration, by running the following command from a Powershell terminal: `git config --global core.symlinks true`.

> If you get a `Permission denied` error on Windows, [see this guide](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/wiki/Symbolic-Links#allowing-non-administrators-to-create-symbolic-links) to disable this restriction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get a `Permission denied` error on Windows, [see this guide](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/wiki/Symbolic-Links#allowing-non-administrators-to-create-symbolic-links) with different options on how to overcome it.
```
